Add docs for sharding and clearPackageData for espresso (#434)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/testrunner-toolkit/configuration/espresso.md

  size: small
  package: com.example.android.testing.androidjunitrunnersample
  annotation: com.android.buzz.MyAnnotation
  numShards: 4

>   shardIndex: 1

Reviewer: I am not super clear on how these settings work together....if you are "creating" shards, then how do you know which index to set? Maybe we can have a quick chat to clarify?

Author: yeah. sure!

```yaml
  annotation: com.android.buzz.MyAnnotation
```

### `numShards`

> __Description__: `numShards` sets the number of separate shards to create. This option works for both emulators and RDC. For more shard tests, click [here](https://developer.android.com/training/testing/junit-runner#sharding-tests) to read more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Sets the number of separate shards to create. This option works for both emulators and real devices. Read more about shard tests on the [Android developer site](https://developer.android.com/training/testing/junit-runner#sharding-tests).
```

Author: Thanks! Updated

__Type__: *int*

__Example__:
```yaml
  numShards: 4
```

> ### `shardIndex`

Reviewer: Are we keeping this in for now? I thought we had a discussion regarding the suite duplication required for this being somewhat onerous and something we should perform on the backend?
cc: @alexplischke

Author: Current implementation is still using `shardIndex`. I think we can remove this field once we implement multiply shardIndex. 🤔

Reviewer 2: @sweeneyskirt-sl Correct! But as @tianfeng92 commented already, this change is yet to be implemented :)

> __Description__: `shardIndex` specifies which shard to run. This option works for both emulators and RDC. For more shard tests, click [here](https://developer.android.com/training/testing/junit-runner#sharding-tests) to read more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Specifies which shard to run. This option works for both emulators and real devices. Read more about shard tests on the [Android developer site](https://developer.android.com/training/testing/junit-runner#sharding-tests).
```

Author: Thanks! Updated.

> __Description__: `shardIndex` specifies which shard to run. This option works for both emulators and RDC. For more shard tests, click [here](https://developer.android.com/training/testing/junit-runner#sharding-tests) to read more.

Reviewer 3: Do we need to mention that is it both supported by emulator and RDC ?
Since it's working everywhere, may be we should remove `This option works for both emulators and RDC.`

Author: sure.

__Type__: *int*

__Example__:
```yaml
  shardIndex: 1
```

### `clearPackageData`

> __Description__: Removes all shared state from your device's CPU and memory after each test.

Reviewer: What does "shared state" mean in this context? I feel like this description is not a clear as it might be, but I need to understand better before I can help rewrite it.

Author: I think `shared state` is more like cache, background processes and maybe uncleaned data in CPU and memory. It's highly related to Operating System and the framework itself.

Reviewer: Ok. That makes sense. Would it be "shared states" (plural), since you say "all", or is "shared state" a single status descriptor? So I could envision us saying either:
_Removes all shared states from the testing device's CPU and memory at the completion of each test._
or
_Wipes the shared state from the testing device's CPU and memory at the completion of each test._

Which one is more precise in this case?

Reviewer: @tianfeng92 -- could you please specify which version in my comment is the correct statement? Right now, the sentence is not grammatically correct, but I am not sure which way is intended. Thanks!

Author: @sweeneyskirt-sl I'd vote 
```
 Removes all shared states from the testing device's CPU and memory at the completion of each test.
```
Thanks!
